Brad Sherman
Lab 8 report

My group and I have switched our project from a stock market application to a simple 
Python interpreter. I have uploaded the code to the dropbox which is a multiplication
interpreter, and my partners did an addition and a division interpreter. We plan on 
adding more and more features to our project as time goes on. A complete time log of 
our work is found below:

Date: 02/16/2016
Time: 8:30p-10:00p
Topic: Discuss what the project will be and write first deliverable
 
Date: 02/29/2016
Time: 8:00p-9:30p
Topic: Discuss intial guidelines and get an outline of what we want for our project
 
Date: 2/29/2016
Time: 4:00-4:50p
Topic: Worked in lab on learnig about Bloomberg API and how to use it, i.e. reading
         documentation

Date: 3/14/2016
Time: 4:00-4:50p
Topic: Worked in lab on downloading Bloomberg API, and trying to start a session

Date: 3/18/2016
Time: 10:20-11:20a
Topic: We talked about the feasability of doing this project, and whether or not we
        should switch. We decided to switch our project to a simple Python interpreter.

Date: 3/19/2016
Time: 2:00-3:00p
Topic: Read the article about writing an interpreter.
         URL = https://ruslanspivak.com/lsbasi-part1/
 
Date: 3/20/2016
Time: 10:00-12:00p
Topic: Wrote a simple code to interpret math, specifically multiplication
 
Total Time: 9 hours, 40 minutes

Internally, my program works by taking input from the user, specifically, a multiplication
expression. Then, the string is tokenized, breaking it up into its three components: an 
integer, and operator, and another integer. A token object is instantiated for each of 
these parts. Once the object is created for the left integer, a position marker moves to
the position of the operator. Right now, it can only do multiplication so we know it will
be a '*', but soon we will combine our programs into one so that our interpreter will be
able to handle more operations. 

I learned a lot from this simple code. During my reading, I began to learn the basics of
how a computer interprets a script. The process of tokenizing seems very interesting to me
and I am very excited to implement more features of the python language. In regards to the 
rubric goals I set, my group found the Bloomberg API. After much research on it, and our 
project in general, we decided it was out of the scope of this class. So since we changed
I did not complete the other two goals I set. However, I did complete two other goals 
that I made after we switched. I (we) found a new project that we are all excited about, and 
I was able to write a few programs that compile and successfully multiplied two numbers.
The programs we wrote may only do simple arithmetic, but the complexity behind the scenes
makes me think that it will be fairly easy to simulate other aspects of the python language
since we took the time to learn about tokenizing. I know we deserve the last 20 points 
because we all read the article on our own, came together and decided to write three 
distinct but similar programs so we all solidified our newfound knowledge, and then also
helped each other out if one of us was struggling. Now that we have built a foundation I 
am excited to continue building upon it until the project deadline so that we have an 
interpreter that works on many basic Python control-flow structures.
