Brad Sherman
Fundamentals of Computing 2
Lab 3 Report

The user uses this program simply by running it, I have picked six names and I give all
the packages random weights so that each package costs a different amount of money.

Internally, this program works by first setting a random seed, and then it declares
6 Package base class pointers. Then it instantiates three TwoDayPackages and three
Overnight Packages, and assigns the pointers to the addresses of these objects. Then
I gave all the owners of the packages different names and made an array of the pacakges.
Then I loop through the packages, give them a random weight between 1 and 20, and then
calculate the cost to ship them based on their weight and whether they are a two day
package or an overnight package. The output is displayed to the user.

I verified this program by running it multiple times and calcuating the cost for each
type of package to make sure that it was the right cost. There is no user input as of 
I also knew that I should check to make sure that if a user enters a negative number
it wouldn't mess up the program so I used abs() to make sure the values are always
positive.

In order to make a base class abstract (unable to be instantiated), it must have one
or more pure virtual functions. This is done by putting "= 0" at the end of a virtual
functions declaration. In order to make a derived class concrete there must be defined
a matching member function for each abstract member function from the base class.

I think inheritance is more natural because C++ is more suited to use inheritance and
it is much easier to deal with private variables that it is with composition. I had a 
harder time dealing with gaining access to base class variables using composition than
I did with inheritance. I also think it is more natural because there are more cases
where something "is" rather than something "has".

A virtual function is a function that can be overwritten by an inherited class with the
same function name. A pure virtual function is required to be in a derived class that
is not abstract. A pure virtual function is implemented by adding an "=0" to the end of
the function declaration as I described above. If a function has a pure virtual function
then it cannot be instantiated, and there must be an inherited class that contains a 
virtual function with the same name.
